### 27.2.5 错误处理

Spring Boot provides a `WebExceptionHandler` that handles all errors in a sensible way. Its position in the processing order is immediately before the handlers provided by WebFlux, which are considered last. For machine clients, it produces a JSON response with details of the error, the HTTP status, and the exception message. For browser clients, there is a “whitelabel” error handler that renders the same data in HTML format. You can also provide your own HTML templates to display errors (see the [next section](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.0.0.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-webflux-error-handling-custom-error-pages)).

The first step to customizing this feature often involves using the existing mechanism but replacing or augmenting the error contents. For that, you can add a bean of type `ErrorAttributes`.

To change the error handling behavior, you can implement `ErrorWebExceptionHandler` and register a bean definition of that type. Because a `WebExceptionHandler` is quite low-level, Spring Boot also provides a convenient `AbstractErrorWebExceptionHandler` to let you handle errors in a WebFlux functional way, as shown in the following example:
```java
public class CustomErrorWebExceptionHandler extends AbstractErrorWebExceptionHandler {

	// Define constructor here

	@Override
	protected RouterFunction<ServerResponse> getRoutingFunction(ErrorAttributes errorAttributes) {

		return RouterFunctions
				.route(aPredicate, aHandler)
				.andRoute(anotherPredicate, anotherHandler);
	}

}
```
For a more complete picture, you can also subclass `DefaultErrorWebExceptionHandler` directly and override specific methods.

**Custom Error Pages**

If you want to display a custom HTML error page for a given status code, you can add a file to an `/error` folder. Error pages can either be static HTML (that is, added under any of the static resource folders) or built with templates. The name of the file should be the exact status code or a series mask.

For example, to map `404` to a static HTML file, your folder structure would be as follows:

```
src/
 +- main/
     +- java/
     |   + <source code>
     +- resources/
         +- public/
             +- error/
             |   +- 404.html
             +- <other public assets>
```

To map all `5xx` errors by using a Mustache template, your folder structure would be as follows:

```
src/
 +- main/
     +- java/
     |   + <source code>
     +- resources/
         +- templates/
             +- error/
             |   +- 5xx.mustache
             +- <other templates>
```