###32.3.3 Additional Kafka Properties
The properties supported by auto configuration are shown in Appendix A, Common application properties. Note that these properties (hyphenated or camelCase) map directly to the Apache Kafka dotted properties for the most part, refer to the Apache Kafka documentation for details.

The first few of these properties apply to both producers and consumers, but can be specified at the producer or consumer level if you wish to use different values for each. Apache Kafka designates properties with an importance: HIGH, MEDIUM and LOW. Spring Boot auto configuration supports all HIGH importance properties, some selected MEDIUM and LOW, and any that do not have a default value.

Only a subset of the properties supported by Kafka are available via the KafkaProperties class. If you wish to configure the producer or consumer with additional properties that are not directly supported, use the following:

spring.kafka.properties.foo.bar=baz
This sets the common foo.bar Kafka property to baz.

These properties will be shared by both the consumer and producer factory beans. If you wish to customize these components with different properties, such as to use a different metrics reader for each, you can override the bean definitions, as follows:

@Configuration
public static class CustomKafkaBeans {

    /**
     * Customized ProducerFactory bean.
     * @param properties the kafka properties.
     * @return the bean.
     */
    @Bean
    public ProducerFactory<?, ?> kafkaProducerFactory(KafkaProperties properties) {
        Map<String, Object> producerProperties = properties.buildProducerProperties();
        producerProperties.put(CommonClientConfigs.METRIC_REPORTER_CLASSES_CONFIG,
                MyProducerMetricsReporter.class);
        return new DefaultKafkaProducerFactory<>(producerProperties);
    }

    /**
     * Customized ConsumerFactory bean.
     * @param properties the kafka properties.
     * @return the bean.
     */
    @Bean
    public ConsumerFactory<?, ?> kafkaConsumerFactory(KafkaProperties properties) {
        Map<String, Object> consumerProperties = properties.buildConsumerProperties();
        consumerProperties.put(CommonClientConfigs.METRIC_REPORTER_CLASSES_CONFIG,
                MyConsumerMetricsReporter.class);
        return new DefaultKafkaConsumerFactory<>(consumerProperties);
    }

}
