### 43.3.19 用户配置与切片

If you [structure your code](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.0.0.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#using-boot-structuring-your-code) in a sensible way, your `@SpringBootApplication` class is [used by default](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.0.0.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-testing-spring-boot-applications-detecting-config) as the configuration of your tests.

It then becomes important not to litter the application’s main class with configuration settings that are specific to a particular area of its functionality.

Assume that you are using Spring Batch and you rely on the auto-configuration for it. You could define your `@SpringBootApplication` as follows:
```java
@SpringBootApplication
@EnableBatchProcessing
public class SampleApplication { ... }
```
Because this class is the source configuration for the test, any slice test actually tries to start Spring Batch, which is definitely not what you want to do. A recommended approach is to move that area-specific configuration to a separate `@Configuration` class at the same level as your application, as shown in the following example:
```java
@Configuration
@EnableBatchProcessing
public class BatchConfiguration { ... }
```

**注** Depending on the complexity of your application, you may either have a single `@Configuration` class for your customizations or one class per domain area. The latter approach lets you enable it in one of your tests, if necessary, with the `@Import` annotation.

Another source of confusion is classpath scanning. Assume that, while you structured your code in a sensible way, you need to scan an additional package. Your application may resemble the following code:
```java
@SpringBootApplication
@ComponentScan({ "com.example.app", "org.acme.another" })
public class SampleApplication { ... }
```
Doing so effectively overrides the default component scan directive with the side effect of scanning those two packages regardless of the slice that you chose. For instance, a `@DataJpaTest` seems to suddenly scan components and user configurations of your application. Again, moving the custom directive to a separate class is a good way to fix this issue.

**注** If this is not an option for you, you can create a `@SpringBootConfiguration` somewhere in the hierarchy of your test so that it is used instead. Alternatively, you can specify a source for your test, which disables the behavior of finding a default one.
