### 49.1 保护敏感端点
  By default all sensitive HTTP endpoints are secured such that only users that have an ACTUATOR role may access them. Security is enforced using the standard HttpServletRequest.isUserInRole method. 

  Tip 

  Use the management.security.roles property if you want something different to ACTUATOR . 

  If you are deploying applications behind a firewall, you may prefer that all your actuator endpoints can be accessed without requiring authentication. You can do this by changing the management.security.enabled property: 

  application.properties. 

  management.security.enabled =false 

  Note 

  By default, actuator endpoints are exposed on the same port that serves regular HTTP traffic. Take care not to accidentally expose sensitive information if you change the management.security.enabled property. 

如果你正在公开地部署应用，你可能会想加上‘Spring Security’来处理用户认证。当你加上了‘Spring Security’， 默认情况下会使用用户名为`user`的基本认证（basic authentication），产生的密码会在应用启动时打印到控制台上。

**注** 在应用启动时会记录生成的密码，具体搜索`Using default security password`。

你可以使用Spring属性改变用户名，密码和访问端点需要的安全角色。例如，你可以将以下配置添加到`application.properties`中：
```java
security.user.name=admin
security.user.password=secret
management.security.role=SUPERUSER
```
If your application has custom security configuration and you want all your actuator endpoints to be accessible without authentication, you need to explicitly configure that in your security configuration. Along with that, you need to change the management.security.enabled property to false . 

If your custom security configuration secures your actuator endpoints, you also need to ensure that the authenticated user has the roles specified under management.security.roles . 

**注**   If you don’t have a use case for exposing basic health information to unauthenticated users, and you have secured the actuator endpoints with custom security, you can set management.security.enabled to false . This will inform Spring Boot to skip the additional role check. 
