### 50.8.2 自定义网络端点

Operations on a `@Endpoint`, `@WebEndpoint`, or `@WebEndpointExtension` are automatically exposed over HTTP using Jersey, Spring MVC, or Spring WebFlux.

**Web Endpoint Request Predicates**

A request predicate is automatically generated for each operation on a web-exposed endpoint.

**Path**

The path of the predicate is determined by the ID of the endpoint and the base path of web-exposed endpoints. The default base path is `/actuator`. For example, an endpoint with the ID `sessions` will use `/actuator/sessions` as its path in the predicate.

The path can be further customized by annotating one or more parameters of the operation method with `@Selector`. Such a parameter is added to the path predicate as a path variable. The variable’s value is passed into the operation method when the endpoint operation is invoked.

**HTTP method**

The HTTP method of the predicate is determined by the operation type, as shown in the following table:

| Operation | HTTP method　|
| ---- | :----- |
|`@ReadOperation`|`GET`|
|`@WriteOperation`|`POST`|
|`@DeleteOperation`|`DELETE`|

**Consumes**

For a `@WriteOperation` (HTTP `POST`) that uses the request body, the consumes clause of the predicate is `application/vnd.spring-boot.actuator.v2+json, application/json`. For all other operations the consumes clause is empty.

**Produces**

The produces clause of the predicate can be determined by the `produces` attribute of the `@DeleteOperation`, `@ReadOperation`, and `@WriteOperation` annotations. The attribute is optional. If it is not used, the produces clause is determined automatically.

If the operation method returns `void` or `Void` the produces clause is empty. If the operation method returns a `org.springframework.core.io.Resource`, the produces clause is `application/octet-stream`. For all other operations the produces clause is `application/vnd.spring-boot.actuator.v2+json, application/json`.

**Web Endpoint Response Status**

The default response status for an endpoint operation depends on the operation type (read, write, or delete) and what, if anything, the operation returns.

A `@ReadOperation` returns a value, the response status will be 200 (OK). If it does not return a value, the response status will be 404 (Not Found).

If a `@WriteOperation` or `@DeleteOperation` returns a value, the response status will be 200 (OK). If it does not return a value the response status will be 204 (No Content).

If an operation is invoked without a required parameter, or with a parameter that cannot be converted to the required type, the operation method will not be called and the response status will be 400 (Bad Request).

**Web Endpoint Range Requests**

An HTTP range request can be used to request part of an HTTP resource. When using Spring MVC or Spring Web Flux, operations that return a `org.springframework.core.io.Resource` automatically support range requests.

[Note]
Range requests are not supported when using Jersey.

**Web Endpoint Security**

An operation on a web endpoint or a web-specific endpoint extension can receive the `urrent java.security.Principal` or `org.springframework.boot.actuate.endpoint.SecurityContext` as a method parameter. The former is typically used in conjuction with `@Nullable` to provide different behaviour for authenticated and unauthenticated users. The latter is typically used to perform authorization checks using its `isUserInRole(String)` method.
